feat(codewhisperer): select customization by prefix (#3947)
aws/aws-toolkit-vscode: docs/api.md

#### `aws.codeWhisperer.connect`

**Signature**: _async (startUrl?: string, region?: string, customizationArn?: string, customizationNamePrefix?: string) => Promise<void>_

Shortcut command to directly connect to Identity Center or prompt start URL entry, as well as set a customization for CodeWhisperer requests.

This command supports two sets of arguments:

-   startUrl and region. If both arguments are provided they will be used, otherwise the command prompts for them interactively.

> -   customization{Arn, Name}. If at least customizationArn is provided, the command selects this customization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   customizationArn: select customization by ARN. If provided, `customizationNamePrefix` is ignored.
-   customizationNamePrefix: select customization by prefix, if `customizationArn` is `undefined`.
```

Author: Good suggestion, adding this change.
